README.md, before:

# Justin's Code Presentation Tool

This is a react app I made for a short talk I gave on CSS preprocessors.  It's not very flexible, and is pretty much only good for presenting code.

## Making Slides

The content for the slides is generated by slides.json, located:

```
/public/data/slides.json
```

The file is structured like this:

```json
{
	"slides": [
		{
			"heading": "First Heading",
			"bullets": [
				"Here is a for loop",
				"in JavaScript",
				"third bulletpoint"
			],
			"code": {
				"type": "javascript",
				"content": "for(let i = 0; i < collection.lenght; i++) {\n   console.log('this value: ' + i);\n}"
			}
		},
		{
			"heading": "Second Heading",
			"bullets": [
				"More bullet points",
				"Bullet points are unlimited",
				"Heading and code are not required",
				"but there must be a bullets array in each slide",
				"or there will be an error."
			]
		},
		{
			"bullets": [
				"no more content"
			]
		}
	]
}
```

Each slide object may contain a heading, bullet points, and a code sample.  Heading and code aren't required, but there must be at least an empty array of bullets in each slide object or an error will be thrown.

I don't have a complete list of what languages are supported for syntax highlighting.

Built using [Simple React Webpack Babel Starter Kit](https://github.com/alicoding/react-webpack-babel)

Commands are the same as the starter kit.  Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run locally:

```
npm start
```

Build:

```
npm run build
```

Syntax highlighting from [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/)

I used some page transitions from [Codrops](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/05/07/a-collection-of-page-transitions/)

Also used an animation from [Spinkit](http://tobiasahlin.com/spinkit/) for the loader

Commit message:

added link to live project in readme file

README.md, after:

# Justin's Code Presentation Tool

This is a react app I made for a short talk I gave on CSS preprocessors.  See it live here: [jbrown25.github.io/slideshow/](https://jbrown25.github.io/slideshow/)  It's not very flexible, and is pretty much only good for presenting code.

## Making Slides

The content for the slides is generated by slides.json, located:

```
/public/data/slides.json
```

The file is structured like this:

```json
{
	"slides": [
		{
			"heading": "First Heading",
			"bullets": [
				"Here is a for loop",
				"in JavaScript",
				"third bulletpoint"
			],
			"code": {
				"type": "javascript",
				"content": "for(let i = 0; i < collection.lenght; i++) {\n   console.log('this value: ' + i);\n}"
			}
		},
		{
			"heading": "Second Heading",
			"bullets": [
				"More bullet points",
				"Bullet points are unlimited",
				"Heading and code are not required",
				"but there must be a bullets array in each slide",
				"or there will be an error."
			]
		},
		{
			"bullets": [
				"no more content"
			]
		}
	]
}
```

Each slide object may contain a heading, bullet points, and a code sample.  Heading and code aren't required, but there must be at least an empty array of bullets in each slide object or an error will be thrown.

I don't have a complete list of what languages are supported for syntax highlighting.

Built using [Simple React Webpack Babel Starter Kit](https://github.com/alicoding/react-webpack-babel)

Commands are the same as the starter kit.  Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run locally:

```
npm start
```

Build:

```
npm run build
```

Syntax highlighting from [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/)

I used some page transitions from [Codrops](https://tympanus.net/codrops/2013/05/07/a-collection-of-page-transitions/)

Also used an animation from [Spinkit](http://tobiasahlin.com/spinkit/) for the loader
